Migrating plugin instructions from old VIP Docs site to plugin's README.md (#11)
Automattic/vip-go-geo-uniques: README.md

> # Geo targeting on the WordPress VIP Platform

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Geo-targeting on the WordPress VIP Platform
```

> Tailor the content you serve to your visitors on a country by country basis.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tailor the content you serve to your visitors on a country-by-country basis.
```

## Overview

The features of the VIP Go Geo Uniques plugin are designed to work on a [VIP Platform environment](https://docs.wpvip.com/technical-references/vip-platform/environments/) and will not work as expected on a local development environment.

This plugin can be used on a non-VIP platform host infrastructure, but only if the host infrastructure has the `$_SERVER['GEOIP_COUNTRY_CODE']` superglobal.

Sites running on the WordPress VIP Platform with the  VIP Go Geo Uniques plugin can differentiate visitors from different countries. This plugin makes it possible to tailor the content you serve to your visitors on a country by country basis, while still keeping the benefits of VIP's fast caching infrastructure.

> Adding geo targeting to your VIP code takes two parts:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Adding geo-targeting to your VIP code takes two parts:
```

1. Loading and configuring the VIP Go Geo Uniques plugin

> 2. Serving geo targeted content

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Serving geo-targeted content
```

## Loading the VIP Go Geo Uniques plugin

> Because the VIP Go Geo Uniques plugin requires configuration in code, we recommend [loading this plugin with the function](https://docs.wpvip.com/how-tos/activate-plugins-through-code/#plugins-in-the-plugins-directory) `wpcom_vip_load_plugin` function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because the VIP Go Geo Uniques plugin requires configuration in code, we recommend [activating this plugin](https://docs.wpvip.com/how-tos/activate-plugins-through-code/#plugins-in-the-plugins-directory)  with the `wpcom_vip_load_plugin()` function.
```

> ## Caching for sites using geo targeting

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Caching for sites using geo-targeting
```

When you enable the VIP Go Geo Uniques plugin, your page cache is varied by country code. This means that for each URL requested, we hold a separate copy of the page (i.e. the HTTP response) for each country in our page cache. When you update a post or page, all cached copies for all country codes are automatically invalidated. When you purge the cache for your whole site, the whole cache is still invalidated.

> ## Geo targeting and reverse proxies

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Geo-targeting and reverse proxies
```

> Geo targeting on VIP is not reliable if your site uses a reverse proxy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Geo-targeting on VIP is not reliable if your site uses a reverse proxy.
```

> This is because when a request comes via a reverse proxy, the remote IP address is that of the reverse proxy. The load balancers on VIP will assign the country code to the reverse proxy IP, and not the IP address of the end user. It is possible for the correct country to be served to the end user by chance, but in most cases times it will not be correct.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is because when a request comes via a reverse proxy, the remote IP address is that of the reverse proxy. The load balancers on VIP will assign the country code to the reverse proxy IP and not the end user's IP address. The correct country can be served to the end user by chance, but in most cases, it will not be correct.
```

## Unexpected country codes

> Our country codes are supplied via the Maxmind GeoIP database, which implements special "pseudo country codes" for particular situations:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our country codes are supplied via the MaxMind GeoIP database, which implements special "pseudo country codes" for particular situations:
```
